Update docs for distributed tracing insights component (#15722)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/distributed-tracing/ui-data/related-trace-entity-signals.mdx

> freshnessValidatedDate: 2023-07-19

Reviewer: ```suggestion
freshnessValidatedDate: 2024-01-08
```

* **Call counts**: Entities making a significantly increased number of calls through the service you are viewing. This increase impacts the throughput on your service.
* **Exclusive time**: Entities called down to by the service you are viewing, which are contributing significantly more latency. The latency (exclusive time) contributed by an entity is the wall-clock time that it had one or more processes running but was **not** making any external calls.
* **Error rates**: Entities called down to by the service you are viewing, which have more processes ending in errors.

The distributed tracing insights view is focused on helping you identify significant performance changes that might be impacting the service you are viewing.
Traced entities are only listed if their impact on performance is relatively significant to the one you are viewing, and if that impact has increased with respect to the selected and previous time ranges.
To maintain this focus, other entities that participate in traces with the one you are viewing are not shown here if their performance impact is relatively consistent or smaller.

> ## List of entities with a significant performance impact and change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## List of entities with a significant performance impact and change [#entity-list]
```

> When any related trace entities had a significant change in their performance impact, you're shown a list of those performance signals and their change.
> If an entity is causing a significant change in performance impact, each of those signals will be shown in its own card in the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* View impacted signals at a glance: When related trace entities undergo significant performance impact changes, you'll immediately see a list of the affected signals, along with their specific changes.
* Isolate key signals for quick action: If an entity is causing major performance impact shifts, each of those signals will be highlighted in its own dedicated card within the list, enabling you to quickly pinpoint and address potential issues.
```

<img
  title="Signal Insights in Horizontal view"
  alt="Signal Insights in Horizontal view"
  src={signalInsightHorizontalView}
/>

Each item in the list shows:
* Call path direction: `Upstream` or `Downstream` followed by the average number of hops in calls paths between that entity and your service.
    * `Upstream`: Entities sending calls to your service, directly or indirectly.
    * `Downstream`: Entities your service calls, directly or indirectly.
* The performance of the signal with a significant change in impact on your service, in aggregate and over time.
* The name of the the entity.
* The performance of the entity:
    * **Count**: The number of traced calls to or from the listed entity, when it's in a call path with your entity.
    * **Error rate**: The percent of calls to the listed entity that returned errors when called.
    * **Exclusive time**: The average exclusive duration of calls that include your entity and the listed entity in the call path.

> * View Trace button: Click this button to view [trace details UI](/docs/distributed-tracing/ui-data/trace-details/) for a distributed trace where this performance impact between the other entity and your service was recorded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **View Trace** button: Click this button to view [trace details UI](/docs/distributed-tracing/ui-data/trace-details/) for a distributed trace where this performance impact between the other entity and your service was recorded.
```

> ## Compare with options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Compare with options [#time picker]
```

If there is no tracing data preserved in the comparison window, the distributed trace insights subheader will not contain a "compared with" clause.

## Additional actions

Click the gear icon at the top-right of the component for additional actions:
* **View all** to see a full-page view of this list when many signals are being displayed.
* **Guided install** walks you through the steps to enable distributed tracing for this service.
* **Instrumentation status** lists the distributed tracing configuration status for all of your services.
* **See our docs** is a link to this page.

<img
  title="Signal summaries example"
  alt="Example of signal summaries view"
  src={signalInsightsWithControls}
/>

> ## Full-page View
> This view shows the same list of significant signals, with more real estate to scroll through longer lists.
> It also includes a filter option to focus on signals of a particular type.
> 
> <img

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Full-page view [#full-page-view]

The full-page view shows the same list of significant signals but with more real estate to scroll through longer lists.
It also includes a filter option to focus on signals of a particular type.

<img
```

  title="Signal summaries example"
  alt="Example of signal summaries view"
  src={signalInsightsFullPage}
/>

> ## No significant changes presented

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## All-clear view [#all-clear-view]
```

> If no upstream or downstream services had a significant changes in their performance impact, the all clear view is shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The all-clear view means no upstream or downstream services had a significant changes in their performance impact.
```

<img
  title="Signal summaries example"
  alt="Example of signal summaries view"
  src={signalSummariesWithAllClear}
/>

> ## When no tracing data is present
> You will see one of the following messages:
> * **No data for this time range** When viewing an older time window for your service that's beyond the retention period of your trace data. Select a time within the last week to see distributed tracing insights.
> * **No data from your entity** If your service is not reporting distributed tracing data. Follow links to our docs or the Guided Install to setup distributed tracing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Understanding Missing Tracing Data Messages [#no-trace-data]

To ensure you're working with the most relevant distributed tracing insights, here's a breakdown of the messages you might encounter when data is unavailable, along with recommended actions:

* `No data for this time range`: 
     * This message indicates that you've selected a time window for your service that falls outside the current retention period for trace data.
     * To access insights, adjust the time range to focus on a period within the last week.
* `No data from your entity`:
     * This message suggests that your service isn't currently reporting distributed tracing data.
     * To unlock these valuable insights, set up distributed tracing for your service by following the [guided install](https://onenr.io/0OQM6lV3DwG). If you're new to distributed tracing, start by reading the [Distributed tracing: Planning guide](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/distributed-tracing/concepts/distributed-tracing-planning-guide/).
```

Reviewer: @jvanpeltnr  How do they enable distributed tracing on the dependencies of their service? Is it the same process as enabling DT for the service?

Author: Yes, same general process. We do have a page where you can see the config status for all apps you have access to, but you still have to know which entities are the dependencies for yours to use it, so the docs are just as useful in that case.

Reviewer: @jvanpeltnr How does my suggestion look ^

Author: looks good - thanks!

> * **No data from related entities** If your service _is_ reported distributed tracing data, but no related entities are. Enable distributed tracing on the dependencies of your service to see insights.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Click the gear icon at the top-right of the component for additional actions:
* **View all** to see a full-page view of this list when many signals are being displayed.
* **Guided install** walks you through the steps to enable distributed tracing for this service.
* **Instrumentation status** lists the distributed tracing configuration status for all of your services.
* **See our docs** is a link to this page.

<img
  title="Signal summaries example"
  alt="Example of signal summaries view"
  src={signalInsightsWithControls}
/>

## Full-page view [#full-page-view]

The full-page view shows the same list of significant signals but with more real estate to scroll through longer lists.
It also includes a filter option to focus on signals of a particular type.

<img
  title="Signal summaries example"
  alt="Example of signal summaries view"
  src={signalInsightsFullPage}
/>

## All-clear view [#all-clear-view]

The all-clear view means no upstream or downstream services had a significant changes in their performance impact.

<img
  title="Signal summaries example"
  alt="Example of signal summaries view"
  src={signalSummariesWithAllClear}
/>

> ## When no tracing data is present
> You will see one of the following messages:
> * **No data for this time range** When viewing an older time window for your service that's beyond the retention period of your trace data. Select a time within the last week to see distributed tracing insights.
> * **No data from your entity** If your service is not reporting distributed tracing data. Follow links to our docs or the Guided Install to setup distributed tracing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Understanding missing tracing data messages [#no-trace-data]
To ensure you're working with the most relevant distributed tracing insights, here's a breakdown of the messages you might encounter when data is unavailable, along with recommended actions:
* `No data for this time range`: 
     * This message indicates that you've selected a time window for your service that falls outside the current retention period for trace data.
     * To access insights, adjust the time range to focus on a period within the last week.
* `No data from your entity`:
     * This message suggests that your service isn't currently reporting distributed tracing data.
     * To unlock these valuable insights, set up distributed tracing for your service by following the [guided install](https://onenr.io/0OQM6lV3DwG). If you're new to distributed tracing, start by reading the [Distributed tracing: Planning guide](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/distributed-tracing/concepts/distributed-tracing-planning-guide/).
* `No data from related entities`;
     * This message indicates your service is reporting data but its dependencies aren't.
     * By [enabling distributed tracing for your services](https://onenr.io/0OQM6lV3DwG), your dependencies should also be automatically enabled.
```
